Add GitHub issue templates (#1309)
loadimpact/k6: SUPPORT.md

# Support

Types of questions and where to ask:

- How do I? -- the Discourse forum at [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/k6) (use tags: k6, javascript, load-testing)
- I got this error, why? -- [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/k6)

> - I got this error and I'm sure it's a bug -- [file an issue](https://github.com/loadimpact/k6/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I got this error and I'm sure it's a bug -- [open a new issue](https://github.com/loadimpact/k6/issues), if there isn't one for this specific bug already
```

> - I have an idea/request -- [file an issue](https://github.com/loadimpact/k6/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I have an idea/request -- search the [GitHub issues](https://github.com/loadimpact/k6/issues) to see if it wasn't requested already - give the issue a :+1: if it was, create a new one if it wasn't
```

> - Why do you? -- [Slack](https://k6.io/slack)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Why do you? -- [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Slack](https://k6.io/slack)
```

> - When will you? -- [Slack](https://k6.io/slack)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When will you? -- [community.k6.io](https://community.k6.io/) or [Slack](https://k6.io/slack)
```
